Active Issue List (Needs to be fixed before launch):


Issue 1 - Trying to load with nothing saved will produce NAN 
          13AUG2017 - Update 1 - Added check for saved variable before 
  
Issue 2 - Several load fields are not the same as the newly-changed values; match them correctly
          13AUG2017 - Update 1 - Changed parseInt to parseFloat to accomodate non-whole numbers
          13AUG2017 - Update 2 - Added a section that let's the user know the save did not or couldn't happen


Issue 3 - Several reincarnation fields MAY not be the same, more testing to verify this
Issue 4 - What do you do post level 500 with your minions? I've never gotten there but someone might. Prestige them? Bonus after 500?
Issue 5 - Add several more levels to Number Conversion
Issue 6 - Check TODO and REFACTOR comments
Issue 7 - Front UI/UX needs to be improved. Nothing major but easier to read and navigate is a must
Issue 8 - Several talent fields MAY not be the same, more testing to verify this
Issue 9 - Balancing speed issue; make sure no speed can reach infinity or it will crash the game
Issue 10 - At least a better attempt at rebalancing. There is nothing to do past level 


Issue 11 - A possible way to help balancing is to slow the process down; as in don't make things easier or harder, but lower the numbers in general. 
           Things get to high numbers way too easy
           UPDATE: Lowered numbers and smoothed out midgame. Testing in progress
           
           
Issue 12 - Autosave system
        

Issue 13 - FINISH THE ENEMY! NO MERCY!

Issue 14 - Base damage for talents could be updated a bit; they aren't affected by multiplier so I need to at least increase the flat damage. 

IMPORTANT -

        Around 67 overall RP, the gold and/or xp multiplier is too high; for example it seems like it is multiplying twice or something

Game Additions List ("Nice before launch but not necessary"):


Issue 1 - Tutorial needs overhauls
Issue 2 - Possibly a FAQ section
Issue 3 - Nicer, cleaner UI
Issue 4 - Research a cloud save system (node.js)
Issue 5 - 
Issue 6 - 
Issue 7 - 
Issue 8 - 
Issue 9 - 
Issue 10 - 